BOLT 5: fix up opposing MUST & MUST NOT statements. (#848)
lightning/bolts: 05-onchain.md

   HTLC. In this case, the recipient must use the preimage, once it receives it
   from the outgoing HTLC; otherwise, it will lose funds by sending an outgoing
   payment without redeeming the incoming payment.
4. The HTLC is forwarded as above, but the recipient also happens to be the

>    final destination for the payment.  In this case, it knows the preimage but

Reviewer: This feels awkward - maybe "final destination for the payment, and it knows the preimage bug it has not received the full payment. In this case, it must not reveal it"?

> 4. The HTLC is forwarded as above, but the recipient also happens to be the
>    final destination for the payment.  In this case, it knows the preimage but
>    as it has not received the full payment, it must not reveal
>    it.<sup>[Preimage-Extraction](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2020-October/002857.html)</sup>.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what I offer is better, but the current wording is a bit hard to understand (at least for me).

```suggestion
4. The HTLC is forwarded as above, but the recipient also happens to be the
   final destination for the payment.  In this case, it knows the preimage but
   until the corresponding outgoing HTLC is settled, it must not reveal
   it.<sup>[Preimage-Extraction](https://lists.linuxfoundation.org/pipermail/lightning-dev/2020-October/002857.html)</sup>.
```

>    This problem is most easily solved by only accepting preimages from

Reviewer 3: I think "accepting" is unclear, if the preimages you're mentioning here are effectively the ones received for outgoing HTLCs, maybe it's better to say "relay preimages from". 

Note the current MUST NOT says "its own preimage" to dissociate from relayed preimages, but I concede it's confusing.
